>> Scott: So that's what you're
gonna be working on next.
So let's get to the challenge.
Let me walk you through what
I'm talking about here.
So if you check out to lesson 13.
>> Scott: Let me see,
if you go to lesson 13, yeah.
So if you go to lesson 13, you'll see I
added on line 4 a playlists property,
a playlist field on the user site.
So this allows us to go to a user and
get playlists.
And then if you go look on the playlist
type, it obviously has a song.
So that means from a user
I can get a playlist and
I also get a song associated with that.
>> Scott: So
what you have to do is, you're gonna have
to resolve those playlists for the user,
and then you're also going to have to
resolve those songs for the playlists.
Now I'm gonna walk you through how to do,
I'm just going to pick a random
example because I don't wanna
show you how to do it.
>> Scott: Let's go to song,
let's make up something
on song right quick.
So if I go to song, and I'm like,
song is gonna have a new
field on it called,
>> Scott: I
don't know, composer, or producer.
Let's say it's producer, okay?
There's a producer here, its type is user.
>> Scott: All right,
so I need to resolve this producer.
By default it's not even there.
In fact, our database doesn't even
have a producer property on it.
So if we just create the database and
just fed it straight to GraphQL,
which we're doing now, this will
break if somebody asks for producer.
If nobody asks for producer, it's fine.
If somebody asks for producer,
it'll break because we just gave it
a shape that has no producer on it.
So it's like I don't
know what to do with it.
Not only did we not give it
a shape with a producer on it.
Even if we did, it would probably
be a string and not an actual user.
So this read's messed up twice
before even I got it right.
So we'd have to resolve this.
So the only way we do that is we
go over to Song > Resolver, and
we did this earlier today.
Is you'd have to come down to
your resolver's object down here.
And for the type of song, this property
right here has to match the type.
That's where it's coming from.
This matches this.
So for this type of song,
when someone asks for
the producer field, producer,
I want you to run this function.
That's what that's saying.
Does that make sense?
So for the type of song,
when a query comes in asking for
the field of producer, here is
the value that you're gonna give it.
Right, so that value,
in this case it would be something like
actually now we have a root value.
The root value is the song
that this producer belongs to.
That's gonna be passed in.
Because this is a nested resolver, it's
going to happen after you get the song.
Let's say somebody came in and
got one song.
So someone came in and got one song,
it's gonna run the get song query,
which is this one.
So it's going to run this query.
Which runs this function, and then GraphQL
was like cool, how do I get the producer?
It's like that's how I get the producer.
So it's gonna pass in that song
that was pulled here to here.
Does that makes sense?
So this song that's created from
the initial query is then passed down to
the nested query as the first argument.
And then so forth, and so forth.
If this producer had something else on it,
which guess what it does?
A producer's a user, and
if users have playlists on them,
then you'd have to resolve that playlist.
But you wouldn't do it in here.
GraphQL would just go to the user
resolver, and just resolve it there for
you automatically.
So you don't have to think
of how to resolve it.
You just need to make sure
everything eventually resolves.
Everything on every type
eventually resolves to something,
and then you're fine.
I don't have to come here like,
okay, this returns a user.
Now I got this user, now I need to
get the playlist for this user.
You don't have to do that.
GraphQL is like, that's a user and
they asked for playlist on this.
Let me go to the user's resolver.
It resolved that playlist.
And then he asked for the songs on that.
So let me go to the playlist resolver and
get the songs on that.
And it will just do all that for
you as long as it all resolves.
Does that make sense?
That's pretty crazy.
So you can basically create
a graph just by your query.
So in this case, this would be
something like user.find Find one,
assuming we had this in the database.
It would be composer, something like that.
This is all make believe.
But yeah,
you would do something like that, and
then you'd be done.
>> Scott: Can you
overload other properties as well?
You totally can, that's a good question.
So let's say In our database we do
have a URL property of a song, so
it will look for that.
Or you'll be like yeah,
I kinda want URL to be this.
Or I'm sorry.
I kinda want URL to be
a function that returns thing.
And it will will just it will use that.
It will totally use this
over what you gave it,
yeah.
>> Scott: So
what you're going to have to do is,
I would start with
the playlist and
try to resolve the songs array.
It's an array of songs so
it uses the .find, not the find1 or
find by id, use .find.
And then inside of the playlist resolver,
>> Scott: You
need to make a nested resolver
here that when someone asks for
songs pluralized it returns an array
of songs associated with the playlist.
Now let's talk about
the strategy behind that.
Let us just walk through this real quick.
Because there's some stuff on here
that I did not tell you about,
specifically around databases.
So if I ask for the songs and I get
the playlist as the first argument, right?
And we know that playlist is
coming from either get playlist,
or all playlist, whichever query
they call it, it's coming from here.
Or maybe they even did an update playlist.
Whatever is returning a playlist,
it's coming from there.
And we can assume that there's
gonna be a songs property on it.
And that song's property
is what in a database?
>> Scott: Array of strings.
It's an array of strings.
So we can assume playlist.songs
is an array of strings.
So our objective is,
how do we get this array of strings and
covert it to an array of objects?
That's what you wanna do there.
And this playlist right here
is a Mongoose document.
This is a document because it
came directly from one of these,
which is a document.
So that's a hint.
So whatever you can do in Mongoose
document to populate, populate,
strings, you probably need to do
that here, document population.
There is model level population,
and you can do that but
it'd be a huge work around.
You probably wanna do
document level population.
[INAUDIBLE] What if in this case,
a song producer just wanted
the user's playlist and
wanted to stop right there?
Let's see, a song producer.
He wants, so it's up to you.
If someone writes a query asking for
information,
and you're saying you don't wanna give
them that information, that's up to you.
But what you have to do is make sure that
inside of your schema that you take away
the nominal exclamation mark,
otherwise it'll break.
So that's what you would have to do.
I don't recommend doing that.
If you don't want to give someone
information and they ask for
it, then they probably are unauthorized
to get that information,
you should probably just throw an error.
Otherwise I can't think of a good reason
you would deny someone information that is
there.
>> Scott: So any other questions in there?
Okay, cool.
All right, so yeah, you'll need a
document-level population here to populate
the strings, the array of strings in this
playlist, and only return that array.
That is the other secret.
You do not return the playlist.
You only want to return the array, right?
What is the value of songs in a playlist?
It's an array of song objects.
So you want to return that
array of song objects.
That's it.
You don't care if that song,
if each song in that array also
has things you have to populate
because GraphQL will then take each
individual song and try to resolve them.
And inside those resolvers
you would do populations.
It's really hard to visualize, but
you only have to do that one thing.
And then eventually you just take
care of every single leaf and
it will resolve itself.
It's really hard to visualize but
that's basically what it is.
So I would recommend starting here
first and doing that for the user.
Because really user's broken right now and
to be authentication.
You can do it,
you just won't be able to test it.
Because the way it works right
now it's expecting a JWT.
I kind of left it in that
state because I was like,
we're fine with just playlists and stuff.
So don't worry about the user right now.
If you do get to it, you can attempt it.
You just won't be able to test it, so
your task is going to be resolve
the song field in the playlist type.
Just attempt that if you
do get that working.
And the way you can do this is, one,
go create some songs inside of GraphicQL,
go create some playlists inside of
GraphicQL, add some songs to a playlist.
And then query a playlist, and
ask for the songs back, and
then try to get the titles of the songs.
If that works, you're good.
If that doesn't work,
you didn't do it right, all right?
And then if you get done with that,
resolve the playlist
field on the user type.
Again, you won't be able to test
this until the next lesson where we
do authentication and stuff.
But you can attempt it.
And if you want to try and
test it, feel free to go ahead.
It's only one line change.